-	Which industries account for which emission types and in which proportion for each?
    o	Table like we saw in Science of Climate change
-	Ozone, PM’s, CO2, monoxides etc.
-	Data for Scandinavian countries since they have the highest transition data
-	Or for all European countries
-	Analyse dense traffic areas to truly measure impact on air quality locally
    o	Of course, dispersion means smaller effect on national scale
    o	Note that emissions permeate throughout the atmosphere, across borders which muddles the readability of data regarding CO2 especially (longer lifetime)
    o	Pattern should be present for low life-time particles and gases such as PPMs etc.
-	Consider local impact of upstream production emissions: are emissions just passed onto other nations? 
    o	Is the globe and average citizen of the world better of with EVs? (maintenance cost, considering oil refinement impact as well)
    o	Would awaiting hydrogen cars be a better option? 
-	Consider all phases of the product lifecycle and contrast to internal combustion (ICE)
    o	Production, use phase, recycling
    o	Including inputs: fuel
-	Analyse per economic-unit impact trajectory


Analysis steps to be done sequentially and in steps:
1.	Locate data on EV proportion of car fleet, EV proportion of road transport fleet.
2.	Locate data on local air quality, prioritizing air quality measurements near highly frequented roads/highways 
a.	Air quality data should include data on emissions such as CO2, PM’s, Nox gasses etc.
3.	Collect data on lifetime emissions of EV vs ICE cars, including upstream emissions for fuel (electricity or gas/diesel) 
4.	Collect data on active vehicle fleet composition across countries with high EV shares (Scandinavian, European) over past 10 years
5.	Similarly, collect data on those countries/areas’ air quality over past 10 years
6.	Run a regression analysis: Does share of vehicle fleet in a country/area affect the local air quality?
7.	Then create a Streamlit app which showcases, step by step, the data used and what the output of the analysis is


Data we need: 
1. EV proportion of car fleet; nationally, regionally -> perhaps for several countries, preferably with high alternative-fuels (AF) proportion for measurable impact
2. Data on average internal combustion (ICE) emission data time series over same time period as EV proportion
3. Local air quality data, preferably in highly congested traffic zones to measure immediate impact (dispersion/extinction of pollutants)
4. General data on e.g. industrial emissions as control variable in regression models
5.